You're okay to watch it?
>> It's television history, of course.
>> Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> I'm Wesley Morris and this is Cannonball
today. They're all gorgeous, but only
one has what it takes.
>> [music]
>> In the old days of TV, and by old I mean
like the early 2000s, you were still
channel surfing. You know, like you'd
take your remote and you'd flip around
and when the show you were watching was
in the middle of a commercial, you'd
maybe watch some other show that you
found interesting. For a while, that was
how I wound up at UPN watching America's
Next Top Model. Between
>> [laughter]
>> between Whoopi and like The West Wing.
But many, many other people watched this
show believing their modeling dreams
could come true. Now, there's a popular
new docu-series about the show that
needs us to know
how bad America's Next Top Model treated
some of those women.
>> We were all rooting for you.
>> On the one hand, I'm like, "Okay, where
is the news here? It's the fashion
industry and it's reality television."
And wait, it's the reality television
about people trying to break into the
fashion industry. We were watching for
the inane challenges and the judges
scrutinizing of everything from teeth
and hair texture to walks and jiggle.
But then I watched this thing, it's
called Reality Check Inside America's
Next Top Model, and I realized the
show's host and star Tyra Banks had
agreed to sit for an interview and I'm
like,
"That feels interesting to me." At least
right now in this national moment of
denying responsibility for anything,
here was a person maybe trying to
practice accountability,
maybe. I wanted to [music] bring all of
that to Michaela Angela Davis who has
been in the fashion and beauty
industries for a long time. As a
journalist, as a stylist, as an editor
for Essence and my
subway platform
magazine stand homeboy purchase honey,
where you can find out all about what
was happening in black beauty. And I
started by asking her to go back to 2003
when Top Model started. Duck, here comes
Cannonball.
Mekayla Angela Davis,
welcome to Cannonball. Listen,
I
you're the only person to talk to about,
at least for me, at this particular
moment given some things that are coming
up for me around Tyra Banks, America's
Next Top Model, you know, cuz it's more
than about fashion. Um I I'm thinking
about this show,
you know, in in some ways as being
like one of the most important
television shows, period.
Um you know, it it arrived at a very
particular moment, America's Next Top
Model,
in the TV landscape, right? It comes it
happens in 2003. There's all this stuff
happening around it with respect to
reality television. And it is instantly
a phenomenon, and I would like you
to take me back
to that moment in 2003
when you discovered this show. Where are
you?
What's your life like? What do you think
of the show?
>> So,
I love a conversation that starts with
listen.
As you know, it's going to be [laughter]
it's going to be it's going to be real.
Um
2003, I was the editor-in-chief of Honey
magazine.
>> Mm. Oh, honey.
>> For those of you who do not know Honey,
it was the magazine of note for young
urban hip women, right? So, Tyra Banks,
America's Next Model, was a centerpiece
in the culture that we were um covering
at Honey. This is when hip-hop had
expanded beyond everyone's imagination,
but the woman of hip-hop and the woman
in the urban
like style, aesthetic sphere hadn't
quite centered herself, but she was
coming. So, this show was pivotal, and
so was Tyra, because Tyra was a top
model for the people. She wasn't Naomi
Campbell. Like, Tyra was never going to
be on the cover of Vogue.
Mhm. But, she was going to be our girl.
She was like the around the way girl
queen.
>> Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Like, she was
Will Smith's girl ON FRESH PRINCE.
>> [cheering]
>> AND NAOMI was with Kate Moss and those
girls in Paris. Tyra was tearing up New
York. So, it's
fashion, like like any industry, like
art, like opera, has lots of little
levels of classism.
>> Mhm. Sure. Sure. Sure.
>> And
that's why her show was so
revolutionary, because she brought it
into America's living rooms.
>> Well, say more about that, because I
mean, I'm definitely aware
what this experience was like for some
of the women in my life who were
experiencing it. Like, it was kind of
like the NBA.
>> [laughter]
>> Right. But, you know what? You're not
going to make it.
But, you you're not going to make it.
>> Yeah.
>> Just like the NBA, that's a great
analogy, because
just like a basketball player, there are
some
physical DNA
that you have to have in order to make
it to that level.
And that's why her show was so
crazy, [snorts] because she made people
think that that cute girl
that you saw in church every day or that
was at school, you know, everyone had a
hot girl.
Ann Philpot was the hot girl in my
elementary school. And it was like
you saw her show and you could imagine
the Ann Philpots of the world having a
shot. The thing is, the way that I was
watching it, I knew the Ann Philpots
after that show were never going to have
a career in modeling.
>> Mhm.
>> And listen, I don't want to
I don't want to be in that sort of
snobby space, because there are there
are careers in modeling that you can
have that aren't high-end, that aren't
New York, that you can go back to your
town,
do all the fashion shows for all the
malls.
>> But Michaela is called America's Top
Model. It's not called America's
>> See, there's
>> seventh seventh
eleventh model.
>> Therein lies
our grapple or one of them There are
There are many little grappling piles uh
with the show, but
top
>> [sighs and gasps]
>> It is called that.
Just like it's called American Idol. Are
they our idols?
No. But But you got you have to give it
the gravitas. And so, top model
[laughter]
Tyra is was arguably a top model. She
just wasn't an elite top model. Trust
and believe, she was a hero and a queen.
>> Mhm.
>> The girls on the street, the girls that
matter, the re- the regular girls
loved her.
>> Yeah.
>> And Tyra because Tyra looked like she
saw them. So, you got this black girl
creating and leading a show in the
industry that we've been shut out of for
so long. That's a very powerful thing.
>> But, I also think that what you're
talking about is a huge element on the
show. And, you know, one of the sort of
highlights of the show is these body
types that you wouldn't typically expect
to see on a runway. I'm thinking
specifically of Toccara Jones from
season 3.
>> MY FAVORITE.
>> HI, I'M HERE. I'm here. I'm Toccara. I'm
big, black, beautiful, and loving it. I
want to encourage full-figured women to
appreciate their body and know that
they're beautiful and that skinny women
are equal. I'm sorry.
>> Toccara
was my favorite model in the all
seasons.
>> Really?
I mean, we should say there's 24 seasons
of this thing.
>> Listen.
>> She's number one for you?
>> Yes. I mean, I love Yaya. I love
Whitney.
But, but
here's what Toccara did. She gave you
the body-ody
and she was a black girl.
>> [laughter]
>> She was in the tradition of like a Pearl
Bailey and
>> Oh, yes, she was. Physically,
physically. And had the attitude.
>> Yes, that's what I mean. Like, she's
literally in that tradition. And she was
giving you Meg
before Megan Thee Stallion. I argue
there would be no Meg without Toccara.
>> Listen, we can
>> giving, giving.
>> Like, can we just watch something with
Toccara?
>> Can we, please?
>> They're at this pool party.
Everybody's drunk on Tyra and probably a
little bit drunk. Here's Toccara.
>> [laughter]
>> There's two plus-size models and [music]
we were talking about our boob sizes.
We're like, "Oh, we're the same
[laughter] boob size."
I don't believe that she's really
plus-size. I think she's like 160. You
know, if you're looking for a real
[music] woman with something juicy, then
here I am. I'm 180 lb and I'm carrying
it well and I'm loving it.
>> Which is a meaningful thing to say,
right?
>> Yes. They shouldn't be scared. Don't be
scared, America.
>> What does Dakara not want America to be
scared of?
Of itself.
>> Mhm. Ooh.
>> Because Say more about that.
>> She said to camera, I weigh 180
lb.
>> Yeah, that's That is
>> Models are weighing 114 lb.
>> Mhm. Mhm.
>> And she said unapologetically, I weigh
180 lb. Don't be afraid. And most of
America, you go Go to the grocery store.
Most women weigh 180 lb and up.
>> Yes. Yes. Yes.
>> gave us back
ourselves.
>> Well, I mean, this kind of brings us to
like, you know, some of the real [__]
right?
>> Yes.
>> I mean, because I Do you remember
watching this and thinking
you know, for as much as I watched it
and found it utopic in some ways, um
every episode had what I would describe
as a problem.
And I'm wondering if like, how did you
experience or did you find parts of it
problematic in the watching in 2003,
2006, 2009?
>> Oh, most definitely. Uh
there were a couple of episodes that
were just
remarkably
There were
there was a lack of care in certain
places that were so profound. One of
them, when um they they had a black
model and they clipped her hair.
>> It was really just frustrating. The
people did not have the correct
clippers. Everybody basically said they
wouldn't know what to do.
>> Should we leave a little tuft?
>> I didn't even like the way the woman was
cutting my hair, the way they were
having a conversation in front of me.
>> Should we write our name in there?
>> [laughter]
>> They shaved her head and left holes in
it. This is Tyra Banks show.
And you know that there are several
black models and you don't have black
hair dressers. Like
go get Madam C.J. Walker. Like I don't
care what your
>> [laughter]
>> name is.
>> Dig her up.
>> Go get somebody with a flat iron and
some ovens.
There is no there is no
redemption as far as I'm concerned
to not have black um hair hair and
makeup with on the Tyra Banks show.
Period. The end. So there's That's one
level of care.
>> I mean poor Ebony with the hair
clipping. I mean
>> But
>> What was that season 1?
>> Yeah.
>> Ebony was season 1.
>> But also Shandi like I mean we had
sexual assaults
on camera.
>> You know, there's this documentary
about America's Next Top Model called
Reality Check: Inside America's Next Top
Model.
And it is trying
to interrogate some of the things we've
just been talking about with respect to
you know, the problems of the show. I
will tell you up front I didn't go into
this being interested in anything that
this show was going to find that was new
because I have a very clear memory of
people You know, all that TV people were
discovering during the pandemic? I've
never seen this show, never seen this
show. Everything was being reinspected
for harm, hazard, neglect, exploitation,
deviancy, and somebody thought and then
many people thought to put this show
under the microscope.
>> really said much.
But now it's time.
>> I actually thought we were done with all
that work. But you know, then I saw the
documentary and like I said earlier, I
mean the key here is that they're going
back through all of this, but this time
Tyra is is here for it.
>> It's such a revelation. I Wesley, I
watched it reality check with my very
millennial daughter.
And to see it through her eyes, she was
so riveted and and dare I say triggered.
How did people let this happen to these
young girls? And she saw herself in that
because she's very familiar with
fashion. She's been backstage, she's
done all the things. This isn't a new
world to her. I mean, she's met Tyra.
She knew this, but she was so triggered
but from eating disorder kind of
triggering to the sexual assaults
and the
black girl pain
>> Mhm.
>> was what really got her. And she thought
Tyra took no accountability.
>> It's interesting because I think there
are people who are looking for Tyra to
be responsible for like,
you know, 35 moments.
>> [laughter]
>> Like, is she going to answer for this?
Is she going to answer for this? But
like the thing that was I think the
apotheosis of
a a mode of Tyra Banks in the world of
the show
that I think
people seem especially interested in and
the show itself focuses on um in terms
of her behavior is a moment that happens
with a contestant named Tiffany.
>> Tiffany Richardson.
>> What's
up?
I just want to tell you I'm happy to be
here. I know [music] I may seem a little
ghetto.
>> Why do you want to be a model?
>> Everybody thinks that I'm just
>> [music]
>> and I am, but you know, I want to show
people that just because I've done all
kind of things, you know, [music] I can
I can be somebody.
>> So, I think I would like to think about
this moment this moment that happens
between Tyra and Tiffany in season 4
because they bring her back. Yes. She's
a cast member twice.
And so she comes back in season 4.
>> She was.
>> Cuz she was
>> She was that
round-the-way girl that you knew.
>> Well, I think Tyra
makes some identification with this
person.
>> Yes. Yes.
>> And it's not maternal. It's something
deeper. It's something deeper.
And so
Tyra and the judges have had enough.
They
need to eliminate Tiffany.
>> Yes. Yeah.
>> Is it good You okay to watch it?
>> Oh, it's television history. OF COURSE.
>> OKAY.
>> [laughter]
>> YES.
>> OKAY, let's go back to television
history.
>> Tiffany, I'm extremely disappointed in
you.
This is a joke to you. You've been
through anger management. You've been
through your grandmother getting her
lights turned off to buy you a swimsuit
for this competition. [music]
And you go over there and you joke and
you laugh.
>> Looks can be deceiving. I'm hurt. I am.
>> Tiffany is in a is in a negligee.
>> You come in here and look at that and
say I can't read that.
>> Tiffany turns away and looks like ooh.
>> Mhm.
>> I don't have a bad attitude. Maybe I am
angry inside. I've been through stuff,
so I'm angry.
>> Yes.
>> But this is not This is not Be quiet,
TIFFANY. BE QUIET.
I HAVE NEVER IN MY LIFE YELLED AT A GIRL
like this. When my mother yells at this
IT'S BECAUSE SHE LOVES ME. I WAS ROOTING
FOR YOU. WE WERE ROOTING FOR YOU.
>> What was profound for me that I heard
while watching Reality Check that I
didn't clock the first time I saw this,
she says Wesley, when my mama yells at
me like this it's because she loves me.
>> Mhm.
>> What?
>> Tyra Banks, why are you talking about
your mama yelling at you?
>> Yep.
>> That's when That's when I say that black
girl pain, like both of their
internal stuff came out in that moment
and I was just like
>> wait, we don't do this in front of these
people.
>> Nope.
>> I I lost it.
It was probably bigger than her. It was
family, friends, society, black girls,
all the challenges that we have. So many
people saying that we're not good
enough. I think all that was in that
moment. That's some black girl stuff
that goes real deep inside of me.
But I knew I went too far.
>> All right. So, by the way, this
completely irresponsible piece of crap
documentary does not go far enough here.
They just stop.
>> And you're right in the way that you're
the way that you're critiquing also the
way the docuseries is framed or say not
framed, it just leaves the hurt out
there shaking. It doesn't move us
forward. It doesn't We She unpacks it a
little bit when she talked about, you
know, that's some black girl pain, but
>> Well, what do you think of the
explanation? Like, what do you think she
>> [laughter]
>> I mean, I think she said as much as she
could. Again, I
I agree with my daughter Eleni. I think
she was talking in a very careful
manner. She felt that Tyra was speaking
as if lawyers told her what to say and
what not to say.
>> Mhm.
>> She felt that Tyra was speaking as
an executive producer again that's
trying to protect the brand. She felt
that Tyra was protecting the show and
not protecting the girls again.
>> Yep.
I mean, okay, so what
I mean, is there a moment in this show?
I I feel like
there's another
there's another side to this show,
right? Which is There's a moment from
what I believe is season two. There's a
contestant named Shandi.
>> Yeah.
>> And she's just like a kind of really
your classic what I would call a Becky
and not a not a Beyoncé Becky, but like
a real world season one Becky where, you
know, the lights are so bright, the
world is so big, and am I going to make
it? I just don't know, but I'm out of
the house.
>> Right.
>> And she goes and is having a great
night. There's a pool party.
And she gets very drunk.
And they're in a they're in a hot tub,
basically. It's not a pool.
And um there are some men, young men.
And she wakes up the next morning in
bed.
Remembering only that she might have
gone to the bed with this man. Talk to
me about I mean, you know, the the
responsibility of the show here.
And
what it means to put these people in
this grinder.
>> Yeah.
Grinder is such a good word, and Shandi
Shandi is the heartbreak
of this entire
enterprise.
>> Mhm.
>> Because not only did she have like, "I'm
busted out of Walmart and going to New
York."
I I would also say that she was the one
model that I think could have even made
it to high fashion because she was
quirky. Right? Shandi could have really
made it.
>> Mhm. Mhm.
>> And so so there is that also that level
of looking at her as someone that had
real potential to get into this
industry, to make it.
And then you see this orchestrated
catastrophe
where the girls were working all day.
She was saying she hasn't eaten.
They bring in the props, these men that
were props earlier that were they were
in Italy.
>> shoot.
>> Yes, they bring them in. They have tons
of wine. She's clearly moving towards a
a blackout. She's this big and and drank
two bottles of wine, no food. She's in a
precarious state. And and the set is
full of other adults like outside of our
you know breaking the third wall or
whatever you would call it in reality.
And they're watching this happen and
they went to the shower and filmed her
having sex when she was clearly not
conscious. She was in a blackout.
>> All right, so I think we should I mean
should we watch?
We should I mean
>> do you want to watch?
>> I mean I think that what we'll because
what we'll see is adult Shandi sort of
talking about
>> Yes.
>> her memory of this.
>> It was just a sound guy and
>> [music]
>> the guy filming and
afterwards I'm just like laying on the
floor in a fetal position just crying
and they just
like get up to leave and they both came
out to me and they said, "We're really
really sorry that we had to film [music]
that." They just knew that like this
isn't right. Like why are we filming
this?
>> I'm not head of story, that's Ken Mock.
But I did become a master editor.
>> It's important for people to know that
we didn't put everyone on TV.
>> I mean what? Like wait.
>> I'm sorry.
>> important
This is
This Oh my god, this is Tell to me about
Tyra becoming a master editor because
>> because through what?
>> What does she
>> What does that mean? You cut out the
stuff that would have put you in jail?
Like I don't know.
>> Well, I mean to that end, I mean I was
torn about whether to even invoke this
kind of thinking in the first place, but
I think that one of this is a very
popular show right now on Netflix.
>> Yep.
>> And I think that for me the the thing
that I found satisfying about it as a
person who
understands the world of American
America's Next Top Model and is and I'm
interested in what apology looks like
and what atonement looks like. I am
really fascinated by
anybody trying to be accountable right
now in any way.
>> Okay.
>> I feel like
this show, for as bad as it is,
is trying
I don't even know what the show is
trying to do.
>> I don't know. I don't know. I was
waiting for you to finish [laughter]
that sentence because I'm like, "What is
it? Tell me. What is this What is this
trying to do?"
>> The show is a mess, but I think it is
satisfying for me, and I think for some
people,
to I think for all of us I think what we
are looking for in this moment
of so much
just so kind of bragadocious
like authority run amok, right? Like not
even authority, but just power run amok.
For somebody to have power
>> Mhm.
>> or who had power over people to
atone
uh reconcile with the power they had and
how they used it on them.
And I just feel like anytime you get one
of these nonfiction entities that comes
along and tries to gather everybody
to think about their behavior, I am
always curious to see
if anybody practices atonement.
>> Mhm.
>> And
is atonement
accountability?
Do you need accountability to achieve
atonement? I mean, obviously you do, but
accountability and atonement to me are
not the same thing. And I'm curious
about what you think is happening here.
>> I think you you need accountability for
healing. And I'm very interested
in black girl healing and in the world
healing.
>> Mhm.
>> And so I don't I think there has to be
some accountability in order for us
to heal.
And to heal these girls. And to make it
better for the girls that are coming,
right? But reconciliation and atonement
atonement is is a different thing. And
atonement
I think is so individual like you have
to
you have to want that on a spiritual
level I would argue. But I do think we
need to heal as a society.
And how we look and treat young women.
Like that's glaring.
>> Mhm.
>> In this moment. Leave it to a black girl
to give us a pop culture
runway uh for lack of better words to
talk about it. Because people are
talking about this.
>> Mhm. Mhm.
>> Like the like you and I we're talking
about this.
>> Mhm. Mhm.
>> You know, um so I'm I'm glad you you
kind of put us there cuz I have some
gratitude about I mean my daughter and
I've had wonderful conversations about
it. Um
>> Mhm.
>> I don't know if wonderful is the right
word. But like deep and interesting
conversations as a result.
>> Salubrious.
>> Yes. And and I and again I hope some
some healing has come through because
also I apologized to her. Because I
didn't unpack these episodes watching
with her when she was 13.
We didn't do that. We key keyed.
>> Mhm.
>> So we've been able to go back and do
some healing. And I I'm I'm hoping that
that happened with all the watch parties
and all the girls that watched it and
maybe ate a nacho instead of saying that
happened to me too.
>> Do you think Tyra gets it? Do you think
watching this film that she understands
what we're are talking about?
>> I don't think so.
Mhm.
>> I don't think so cuz I felt and Tyra
looked she looked beautiful.
I think she's still in a mogul
mode. I'm going to do another season.
I'm fierce. She's very she's very
composed. I didn't feel a sense of
cracking open of anything.
Um
but I don't know I mean I don't know. I
and I don't even know what I want her to
do.
>> Yeah, this is a great I mean I like that
you said that. Um do we grant
Tyra Banks grace and and what is the
nature of the grace we grant her?
>> Yes.
We grant her grace cuz that's what we
do.
But also she literally is the face of of
this and you know it takes
a multitude of people to put on a show.
And if there's one black girl in front,
you know there's five men sitting on top
of her head.
>> [laughter]
>> Right? That are getting a bigger
paycheck. But are [clears throat]
farther away from the cameras. And so I
have no idea what again what what legal
told her what the producers told her
like who was literally pulling the
strings. I do feel like she was hands-on
but she hers weren't the only hands. And
so I think there's always room for
grace. I I just
I'm very interested to see what what
she's doing on the other side of this
with all this conversation.
And and is she hearing it or listening
or she in Australia planning season 25
with more blinders on. I don't know. But
she's
you know what? Tyra's still that girl.
She's a sister. She did something
I recall
being at a Todd Oldham fashion show
and Tyra Banks comes down the runway and
we stand up and scream.
Like at church. Nobody We didn't do
that. You were supposed to be demure at
fashion show. You You You act like Anna
Wintour. You keep it tight.
Tyra made you scream.
And we're going to remember that. Like
she No one You can't take that away.
Um but she's got some reckoning to do
herself.
And it would It would Mm.
It would be powerful if she would let us
see that. If she If she does it If If
her soul wants to do that.
>> I just got a chill.
>> So, I don't know if we're asking too
much from reality check to give us a to
check us, you know, to like really give
us a real reality check. Um and I I
don't know if the show completely lived
up to that
name.
>> You don't know.
>> Or it's title. This show and and
particularly Tyra's positioning has I'm
still not clear. I'm still not clear
what she did. I'm still not clear what I
want from her. I still I'm not clear
what I want from the show. I do know and
what I'm grateful for and I'll say it
again is that it It had my daughter and
I have some very um
profound conversations.
A little black girl healing.
>> Amen.
Uh Michaela Angela Davis,
thank you.
It was an honor.
>> Mine. It was a pleasure. It was fun.
>> It was fun.
Hey everybody, we're back.
The Oscars [music] are in less than 2
weeks.
>> It's Movieland's big night.
>> Oscar is 98 years old. 98. And I just
want to say I am proud of you, Oscar,
because you're 98, but you still want to
learn some new stuff. Because this year
there's a new Oscar. There's an Academy
Award now for best achievement in
casting.
This means that the casting director,
the person whose job it is to staff this
movie before the camera with people,
is going to get an Academy Award. And I
[music] have to tell you, this is my new
instant favorite category. I didn't even
know I wanted it until they started
talking about doing it. Your nominees:
Mary Zophres, Hamnet, One Battle After
Another, Sinners, and The Secret Agent.
These people, some of them are goats.
Like, I mean, Francine Maisler who did
Sinners. This woman has cast so many
movies. Reality Bites, I think, is her
first movie. But, let's just think about
what the job really is. The job is
essentially
finding the right people for the right
movie, for the right moment in a movie.
And what I love about it is it involves
the thing that you went to the movies to
see, which
maybe famous people.
But then, some of these movies have a
lot of other people in them who are just
really interesting.
Like, if you look at The Secret Agent,
for instance. This is the movie set
during the 1970s, during Brazil's
military dictatorship. It's about a guy
on the run.
Wagner Moura is the star. He is well
known in Brazil. But, there are many,
many other people in this movie who have
important work to do, who nobody's seen
before except their families.
>> [laughter]
>> There's a woman in this movie named
Tania Maria. She is wonderful.
Last I heard, she was making rugs.
>> [laughter]
>> And she's still doing that work, but in
this movie she is a star.
Is she sticking around? I hope so cuz
she's definitely the most interesting
person I have seen in a movie in like a
hundred years. My favorite of these five
nominees
and I I don't say this lightly because
they're all really well cast.
It's one battle after another.
>> I need you brother Sensei. Sensei Sensei
please.
>> Courage Bob.
Courage.
>> This is just like a masterclass in
casting cuz you basically have all the
people at the top of the ladder, the
people you know by name, Leonardo
DiCaprio, Benicio Del Toro, so lots of
us Tiana Taylor, Regina Hall, Sean Penn,
uh
you're going probably for those people,
but when you get there what else are you
seeing?
>> Woah, who's this?
Who's that?
>> First of all, there's a scene where some
kids go to pick up Chase Infinity who
plays Leonardo DiCaprio's daughter. Her
name is Willa. There's a kid who gets
out of the car. They're in the woods
somewhere. The house is gets to the
door.
>> What's up homie?
>> DiCaprio comes out and starts full
blasting DiCaprioing at him and the
kid's just like
>> Hey, how's it going?
>> You cool?
>> Yeah, I was just here to pick up Willa.
>> Yeah, yeah, you can you can do your
worst to me Mr. DiCaprio. It doesn't
bother me. I'm still taking your
daughter to this dance. And DiCaprio IS
LIKE
>> LISTEN,
TELL ME SOMETHING WHATEVER YOU DO TO
HER, I'M GOING TO DO that exact same
thing to your entire [__] family. I'm
not [__] around.
>> Wait, what?
>> And the kid's like
are you done? I'm getting in the car.
>> [laughter]
>> And there's just something about how
just unbothered he is by this by this
like great actor going ham on him.
>> Your dad's a agro, bro.
>> He's [__] paranoid, okay?
>> That's just really smart casting and
then later, I mean, it's actually very
moving. There's a sequence where Willa
has to leave the dance that they just
gone to because Sean Penn is after. I'm
just going to be very simplistic here.
She's gone.
>> I'm Agent Danvers. How are you?
>> The military now is trying to question
these kids to find out where she went
and what they know.
>> What's your name?
>> Pluto.
>> And it's just this great montage of the
interviews that this one military guy
conducts.
>> We have a few questions we want to ask
you. Is that all right with you?
>> Sure.
>> You're shaking. Are you okay? I'm fine.
You nervous?
>> A little bit.
>> Do you need anything? [music]
>> I'm all good.
>> My favorite thing about this moment is
>> What's her number?
>> She doesn't have a phone.
>> They're so enjoying the being
interrogated part.
>> Do I look like your parents?
Time, give me the [__] number.
>> And it's just really funny and then
stressful and then like my eyes welled
up because at some point the pressure of
this interrogation situation gets to one
of the kids.
>> I don't have her phone number.
>> Up. Put your hands behind your back.
Cuff him.
>> Their non-binary
name is Bobo and
>> I have it.
You have it now.
What is it?
>> It just really gets me every time I
watch this movie and the guy doing the
interrogating is also great.
>> I thought you took AP common sense. Sit
the [__] down.
>> His name is James Rader Man. I think he
was in Homeland Security. I mean, it's
just really smart casting. It's so much
better to have a person who was
basically doing this kind of work, if
you know what I mean, in real life doing
it over here in the the where it just
brings a kind of heightened reality to
already stressful circumstances. I mean,
some of this job is detective work. It's
research. It's kind of knowing who to
ask. It's knowing where to look. And
you're rewarding having um
a human eye, I guess is maybe the way to
put it. Like you read a script or talk
to a director and they can tell you what
they want. And then you have to know
I don't know. What is your heart telling
you about this person?
Um do you know where to look and do you
know what parts of yourself as the
casting agent have to be open to even
receiving or believing that these people
can do this work? I don't know. This is
the magic of the movies and it's the
magic of this one job. So, I am looking
forward to sitting on my sofa and
rooting Who am I going to root for? I
want them all to win. I think Francine
Maisler who did Sinners is probably
going to win because she's been around
for a long time. You could say the same
about Nina Gold probably who did Hamnet.
I don't know. But, [music] you know, I
just I'm just glad this category exists
now and it's a whole other zone of
people to root for because you're now
not only rooting for your favorite
actor, you're rooting for your favorite
bunch of actors. And that just feels
I don't know. I'm all for it.